private detective deborah was doing some
shopping at the mall
suddenly she heard people arguing the
woman went there and saw a stressed
shop assistant and several people
crowding him the poor man had found a
smartphone
and made an announcement and now several
people
claimed it was their phone one man said
the phone must have slipped from his bag
a young woman said the gadget belonged
to her
and an older woman shouted it was her
husband's device that's when the phone
rang
for some reason the shop assistant
handed it to debra
the woman glanced at the screen and
immediately gave the phone to the man
how did she understand whose device it
was
debra saw the word wife written on the
screen
emily has two glasses filled with water
in the first glass
the water is heated up to 100 degrees in
the second glass
the water is cooled down to minus 100
degrees
the girl drops two coins in the glasses
at the same time
which coin will reach the bottom faster
[Music]
it'll be the coin in the glass with the
warm water the coin
in the other glass won't sink at all the
water there is frozen
jacob and his brother jack were walking
along the street
when they passed a grocery store jacob
pointed at a young woman and exclaimed
oh my niece is over there his brother
answered
oh right but it's not my niece how come
the young woman is jack's daughter
ashley had a boyfriend mark who is madly
in love with her
unfortunately the woman didn't love him
back
once she decided to leave him ashley
knew
mark wouldn't let her go easily so she
ran away
but mark was a very rich man and could
find her almost anywhere
she had to be careful one week later
ashley was sitting in her hotel room
when she heard a knock at the door
when the woman opened the door she saw a
man she had never met him before
the stranger apologized oops i'm sorry
my bad
i was sure it was my room he then turned
around
went down the corridor and disappeared
in the elevator
ashley rushed back into her room and
started to pack her things
she instantly knew mark had found her
how did she figure it out
[Music]
no one will knock on their own hotel
room door
it was mark's man who was looking for
her
the faster you run the harder it is to
catch this thing
what is it
it's your breath david and his wife
jessica moved to another town
the place wasn't big for the locals new
people coming to live there was a big
deal
that's why the next day the couple's
curious neighbors came to say hello
karen introduced herself and said she
was sure they'd become
great friends she had even cooked
cupcakes for david and jessica
elderly mrs latham told the newcomer
she'd been living in the town for almost
80 years betty was extremely excited
a man's come to live in our small town
and so good looking at that
awesome news two of the neighbors seemed
a bit creepy
and only one looked normal who was it
[Music]
karen had decorated her cupcakes with
something that looked suspiciously
like eyes betty is too enthusiastic
about david
as for mrs latham she is sure to know
lots of things about the town
and its inhabitants she can be a useful
source of information
and she cooked them some soup
brandon's wife told him to cook several
eggs
but the man had to boil them for exactly
two minutes
she left her husband three hour glass
timers for three
four and five minutes how can the man
boil the eggs for exactly
two minutes
brandon waited until the water started
to boil
then he turned over the three and five
minute timers
when the three-minute timer ran out he
dropped the eggs into the water
and when the five minute timer ran out
he had his perfectly boiled eggs
it was the first time eric sailed his
brand new yacht
but the man seemed to be out of luck
that day a bad storm
sank the yacht and eric hardly had any
time to make it to the surface
half conscious he ended up on some beach
in the morning the man realized he was
stranded on a tiny uninhabited island
no radio no cell phone no means of
communication whatsoever
and the island had no trees to make a
smoke signal
on the third day eric noticed a small
plane circling in the sky
over the island were they searching for
him but the aircraft was flying too high
and the pilot couldn't see eric and
still the man did something
and soon he was picked up by a rescue
helicopter
how did he attract the pilot's attention
eric picked up some stones and used them
to write sos
on the sand helen lives in singapore
with her husband dennis
once she tells her husband she wants to
visit her and who lives in italy
dennis doesn't mind but he asks his wife
to send him a photo
as soon as she gets to europe when helen
lands enroll
she sends dennis a selfie under the
picture she writes
ciao from italy i've just arrived
after looking at the photo dennis
realizes
his wife lied to him how did he know
in the picture the clock on the wall
shows exactly the same time as the clock
in the kitchen
which is in singapore if helen was in
rome
the clock would show a big time
difference
one day christopher decided he had to
develop his logical thinking skills
the guy found a tutor and started
visiting him to have private lessons
but this teacher had one interesting
habit
closer to the end of each lesson he
always gave christopher
several riddles the guy wasn't allowed
to go home until he solved them
this friday the first riddle went like
this
how can you make six into an odd number
tricky how
[Music]
he removed the letter s and got ix
that's nine in roman numerals
but the guy knew it was just the
beginning the next riddle was even more
difficult
it's thin but when water splashes it
none
seeps through when hit it changes color
it covers an incredibly complex thing
yet it's
very easy to flex what is it
[Music]
at first christopher didn't have any
idea duh
he'd have to stay and crack riddles till
midnight
luckily in a moment it dawned on him
it's
the skin christopher's tutor was
impressed with the guy's progress
okay he said one more riddle and you can
go home
three doctors said that ryan was their
brother but ryan claimed he didn't have
any brothers
who was lying
[Music]
christopher figured out right away that
everyone was telling the truth
all the doctors were ryan's sisters
he could finally go home the morning
after a heavy snowfall
justin went outside and stopped in his
tracks
he saw there was twice as much snow on
top of his garage
as there was on his neighbors still
justin didn't get surprised or upset
why
justin's garage is twice as big as his
neighbors no wonder
it also has twice as much snow
amy went on holiday to the seaside and
met three guys there
they were friends but it didn't stop all
of them from trying to impress the girl
in the evening they all met in a
restaurant to have dinner
and the guy started to tell amy about
their adventures
sam boasted i'm a pilot and i've already
traveled all over the world
larry said i once took part in an
expedition to the north pole
it was amazing i saw penguins and polar
bears
jerry barged in and i'm an astronaut
when i was in space last time i went on
a space walk
i wanted to see our planet from above
but i was
almost blown away by a strong wind
who's lying to make a better impression
both larry and jerry are lying penguins
live near the south pole and there's no
wind in outer space
it's an almost perfect vacuum andrew
and gary are twins they were born just
one minute apart
and andrew is the elder of the two but
for some mysterious reason
they celebrate their birthdays two days
apart once
every several years how is this possible
[Music]
andrew was born at 11 59 pm on february
28th
it wasn't a leap year so gary who
appeared just one minute later
was already born on march 1st that's why
during leap years
they have two days between their
birthdays
a famous scientist went missing the last
time his colleague saw him
he was in his laboratory when the police
arrived
they found a calendar lying on the man's
table
there were several numbers written in
pencil at the bottom
6 4 9 10 11. the police officers had
five suspects
david sarah jason betty and kevin
who is behind the scientists
disappearance
[Music]
[Applause]
it's jason the numbers stand for months
and the first letter of each month
spells the name of the criminal
so the sixth month is june and the first
letter of june is j
the fourth month is april and the first
letter of april
is a and so on smartypants